INFORMATIONAL NOTICE

This software was developed and funded by the National Institutes of Health 
Clinical Center (NIHCC), part of the National Institutes of Health (NIH), an 
agency of the United States Department of Health and Human Services, which is 
making the software available to the public for any commercial or 
non-commercial purpose under the following open-source BSD license.

Copyright Notice: The software is owned by the U.S. Government.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

(1) Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

(2) Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or 
other materials provided with the distribution.

(3) Neither the names of the National Institutes of Health Clinical Center, the 
National Institutes of Health, the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, nor the names of any of the software developers may be used to 
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior 
written permission.

(4) The U.S. Government retains all rights in the software. 

(5) Please acknowledge NIHCC as the source of this software by including the 
phrase "Courtesy of the U.S. National Institutes of Health Clinical Center" or 
"Source: U.S. National Institutes of Health Clinical Center."

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE U.S. GOVERNMENT AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE U.S. GOVERNMENT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES 
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; 
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON 
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT 
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS 
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

You are under no obligation whatsoever to provide any bug fixes, patches, or 
upgrades to the features, functionality or performance of the source code
("Enhancements") to anyone; however, if you choose to make your Enhancements 
available either publicly, or directly to the National Institutes of Health 
Clinical Center, without imposing a separate written license agreement for 
such Enhancements, then you hereby grant the following license: a 
non-exclusive, royalty-free perpetual license to install, use, modify, 
prepare derivative works, incorporate into other computer software, distribute, 
and sublicense such Enhancements or derivative works thereof, in binary and 
source code form.
